Update : Readme.md file (#267)
meilisearch/MeiliSearch: README.md

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.meilisearch.com">
    <img src="https://www.meilisearch.com/assets/logo-59b9e6f726360eccac4b0cae0e268ef29b64fc9d386ad4a4e3c10c3e02240ade.svg" width="318px" alt="Strapi logo" />
  </a>
</p>
<h3 align="center">Instant search API made simple.</h3>
<p align="center">A instant search engine, working out-of-the-box for user-friendly search experience.

</p>
<br />
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://dev.azure.com/thomas0884/thomas/_build/latest?definitionId=1&branchName=master">
    <img src="https://dev.azure.com/thomas0884/thomas/_apis/build/status/meilisearch.MeiliDB?branchName=master" alt="NPM Version" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://deps.rs/repo/github/meilisearch/MeiliDB">
    <img src="https://deps.rs/repo/github/meilisearch/MeiliDB/status.svg" alt="Monthly download on NPM" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://commonsclause.com/">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/license-commons%20clause-lightgrey" alt="Travis Build Status" />
  </a>
</p>

> ____

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-------
```

Reviewer: And with the other changes requested, I will probably please you to remove that line

<p align="center"> 
  <img align="center" src="https://github.com/meilisearch/MeiliDB/raw/update-readme/misc/crates-io-demo.gif?raw=true" >
</p>
<p align="center"> Crates.io with Meili </p>

> ## Goal 

Reviewer: Could you remove this title

Author: We tried without the ##Goal title but the sentence underneath seemed lost without a title. I will apply your change request but you could come to the same conclusion later on.

> Meili thrives in offering an **easy to use and deploy** solution for **full-text search**. No configuration is needed but customization of search and indexation is possible. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Meili is an **easy to use and deploy** solution for **full-text search**. No configuration is needed but customization of search and indexation is possible. 
```

<br />

> 

Reviewer: Could you move this description before the features?
In this order: this description > the features > the demo gif

Reviewer: And by the way, probably remove this `<br/>`

## Quickstart

Let's index a [dataset of movies](#https://www.notion.so/meilisearch/A-movies-dataset-to-test-Meili-1cbf7c9cfa4247249c40edfa22d7ca87) in which we will search.

### Install & Run

```bash
cargo run --release
```

The search engine is now listening on: `http://127.0.0.1:8080`. 

> You can check with `curl -i http://127.0.0.1:8080/health`

### Index documents

Create an [index](#https://docs.meilisearch.com/indexes.html) without defining the [document](#https://docs.meilisearch.com/documents.html) [schema](#to_do_schema).
```bash
curl --request POST 'http://127.0.0.1:8080/indexes/myindex'
```

Add documents and [learn how to format your documents](#to_do_format).

```bash
curl --request POST 'http://127.0.0.1:8080/indexes/myindex/documents' \
  --header 'content-type: application/json' \
  --data @movies.json
```

You [can track updates](#to_do_updates) with the provided update id's .

### Search 

> Now that our movie dataset has been indexed, you can try out the search engine with, for example, `botman` as a query.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Now that the movie dataset is indexed, you can try out the search engine with, for example, `botman` as a query.
```

Author: Accepted and applied

```bash
curl 'http://127.0.0.1:8080/indexes/myindex/search?q=botman'
```

> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```json
```

Author: I cannot accept this change request since the json is not well formated and the errors are displayed when with the json tag.

Reviewer: Would be better to reduce the length of those lines by adding `...` or similar like the crop setting of the server do.

- Searches for [concatenated](https://github.com/meilisearch/MeiliDB/pull/164) and [splitted query words](https://github.com/meilisearch/MeiliDB/pull/232) to improve the search quality.
- Can store complete documents or only [user schema specified fields](https://github.com/meilisearch/MeiliDB/blob/dc5c42821e1340e96cb90a3da472264624a26326/meilidb-schema/src/lib.rs#L265-L279)
- The [default tokenizer](https://github.com/meilisearch/MeiliDB/blob/dc5c42821e1340e96cb90a3da472264624a26326/meilidb-tokenizer/src/lib.rs) can index latin and kanji based languages
- Returns [the matching text areas](https://github.com/meilisearch/MeiliDB/blob/dc5c42821e1340e96cb90a3da472264624a26326/meilidb-core/src/lib.rs#L66-L88), useful to highlight matched words in results
- Accepts query time search config like the [searchable attributes](https://github.com/meilisearch/MeiliDB/blob/dc5c42821e1340e96cb90a3da472264624a26326/meilidb-core/src/query_builder.rs#L272-L275)

> - Supports [runtime incremental indexing](https://github.com/meilisearch/MeiliDB/blob/dc5c42821e1340e96cb90a3da472264624a26326/meilidb-core/src/store/mod.rs#L143-L173)

Reviewer: Could you please move the features before the demo gif?

## Ressources

* [Documentation](https://docs.meilisearch.com)
* [Main concept](#to_do_main_concept)
* [Deep dive](#link)
* [Contributing](#link)
* [SDK's](#link)

## License 

> Common clause

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Meili is licensed under the [Commons Clause](LICENSE) license.
```

Author: Accepted and applied

- Supports [runtime incremental indexing](https://github.com/meilisearch/MeiliDB/blob/dc5c42821e1340e96cb90a3da472264624a26326/meilidb-core/src/store/mod.rs#L143-L173)

## How it works

Meili uses [LMDB](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lightning_Memory-Mapped_Database) as the internal key-value store. The key-value store allows us to handle updates and queries with small memory and CPU overheads. The whole ranking system is [data oriented](https://github.com/meilisearch/MeiliDB/issues/82) and provides great performances.

You can [read the deep dive](deep-dive.md) if you want more information on the engine, it describes the whole process of generating updates and handling queries or you can take a look at the [typos and ranking rules](typos-ranking-rules.md) if you want to know the default rules used to sort the documents.

> ## State 

Reviewer: You can remove this whole « state » point as it is a binary now

## License 

> Common clause

Reviewer: What is that ? Is it ascii italic? did you put `_` around the text?

Author: It has been changed to more specific licence without italic
